wat does the battle consist of? how many different enemyies can we have at once? or beat the first enemy then the next enemy slides into frame.  i want it to be challenging, i want to create more complex magic interactions and abilities and skills . i want to create different base classes you select from when you start the game, its persistant. and each different class has different stats and abilities. and skills. they are  dependent on wat class you choose. the class you choose also changes  wat kind of attacks and magic attacks and health and stats you will have. i want it to be story heavy . and i want the player experence to be one of all the different era's and events that happend within verdance and to verdance. ffrom the first unbinding , to aldara sacrifices herself.  averis commits suicide and radiance trys to burn down the forest. theres many more interesting events and things that happend throughout the different era's of verdance. verdance s era's spann over many centuries. so i want the ai dm to start the adventure similar to the beginging of verdance , wonder and ahh. and then systematiclly weave a fun and interesting and unique experience for the player based off the history and the events of the different era's in verdance.  the ai dm is allowed to create new and different content but has to include the main event for each era, the events that we have detailed in our lore and verdance established history. bring the user to meet and trade with and steal from and possibly hurt or kill in the quest for power. have the player  experience and travel the entire domain of verdance. have the ai dm create many side missions in every major location.fighting our corrupted varierents we've created. have the player come across and meet and interact with all the different factions of verdance.   member of the different factions within verdance, there are many differnet factions all with there own agendas, allow player to pick a side/faction. have one of the experiences for the player to become a member of the faction of their chose, have the user progress through  a special mission to kill a special magical creature and return the magical item it protects.  once you succeed , you find out that the magical item has extreme power and capabilities. and are allow to keep it or lie and not give it to the faction leader as requested. so u keep the item but you dont join the faction and actually loose favor from that faction . and just have the ai dm create cool, unique and interesting missions and experience for the player. progress throught the history of verdance. and that game be the first game loop